the turkish grand prix it's lights out and
away we go and they are crawling off the
line especially max verstappen hamilton
though gets a really good start passes two
cars already stroll is in the lead going
into turn one ahead of his teammate sergio
perez hamilton on the inside of daniel
ricciardo as esteban ocon crucially
valtteri bottas spin out and away onto the
runoff area at turn one that is a
horrendous start for bottas not what he
would have wanted sebastian vettel already
ahead of max verstappen and alex albon in
the thick of it as well
so stroll leads perez and there going wide
is lewis hamilton i was gonna say strongly
's parents leads hamilton but no leads
sebastian vettel what a start from him from
eleventh on the grid now alex albon is
overtaking lewis hamilton as well and
that's verstappen i should say is
overtaking lewis hamilton as well here
comes alex albon he might fancy a run at
the mercedes going into the next corner
because he's got hotter tyres hamilton 's
been off the track down the inside goes
alex albon does he take the place hamilton
will try and fight it if he can but he just
hasn't got the grip do so he's skating
around on phillips at the moment as albon
manages to get past the mercedes
it's the run down towards turn seven and
that is how he managed to get past the
ferrari seems that he switched his tyres on
that little bit better than the two around him
max verstappen is also really valid
question why haven't they enabled DRS i'm
not sure they ever enabled DRS when you're
on intermediates and wet ohh look at that
here we go there's a chance for max
verstappen cause sergio perez didn't get
out of that little chicane very well at all
and verstappen it's hot on his tail and
perez keeps ahead by a metre through turn
eleven understanding goes wide and spins as
well he got caught up behind the rear wing
of sergio perez and that has proved very
costly indeed he's avoided the barriers but
his teammate alex albon now cruises past
and goes into third place and verstappen
through the mud back onto the track again
has lost the podium place and also lost
fourth and fifth to vettel and hamilton 's
frustration coming through there for max
stappen that that's
not the smartest thing i've ever seen him
do though
valtteri bottas he's gonna wanna have
guests at least his third spin today isn't
it he is gonna wanna forget this weekend as
quickly as possible
here's lando norris on george russell
eleventh place up for grabs with this move
it always sends one down the inside bounces
off the williams and manages to squeeze
himself up to eleventh
off the road yeah saw that
we're watching carlos sainz
who's gaining on daniel ricciardo at the
moment and ohh daniel ricciardo not having
the best of times through that little
chicane out of turn
ten and eleven carlos sainz ahead of daniel
ricciardo sainz moves himself up into sixth
place and in the end the lack of grip that
the renault was suffering made it a lot
easier for
science that he first thought it might be
cholera canary in the coal mine again is
putting it a lot of people into the pits
for new intermediates four seconds a lap
quicker than everybody else on the new
intermediates and the new interns go on
it's a clean pit stop ohh no now that's the
problem on the right hand side that's what
you didn't need said but he's away again
and that's alex albon who has spun around
talking of costly incidence how costly is
that gonna be for alex albon lewis hamilton
moves into third place
so new set of intermediate tyres go on for
lance stroll good pit stop from the racing
point crew three point two seconds and
he'll be back out into the race
sorted it all out and there's verstappen
coming through on lance stroll so stroll
has pitted there for a second time and is
now behind max verstappen
hamilton by not pitting really catching up
to sergio perez now where this plays into
verstappen 's hands as if we do go to slicks
as if the next transition that wins him
back his pit stop effectively doesn't it he
goes hamilton on sergio perez he's got DRS
hamilton is gonna make a move into turn
twelve lewis hamilton takes the lead of the
turkish grand prix
sebastian vettel ahead of lance stroll
stroll 's gonna keep coming back O and
trying to get this place once more and he
goes wheel to wheel and gets back past
sebastian vettel charles leclerc ahead of
max verstappen waiting to pick up the
scraps strollers falling back behind
charles leclerc the two ferraris now ahead
of the one time race leader
can't see that rain in the distance we'll
see that said show leclerc is now ahead of
sebastian vettel he's got his team mate and
charles leclerc moves up into fourth place
hamilton is now a pit stop clear of max
verstappen pit stop clear rochelle leclerc
now because leclerc has just got passed max
verstappen
thirty nine laps hamiltons have those tyres
on thirty four laps repairs here goes
carlos sainz on alex albon albon thought
about trying to move over to the left
realised that the mclaren was there and he
couldn't and alex albon has conceded fifth
place then
well there's a set of interests that just
aren't working whatsoever as lance stroll
goes off the track lando norris gets past
the man who started on pole moves up into
eighth place in this race you've got a feel
for lance stroll
the world championship record is he called
lewis hamilton wins the turkish grand prix
and is a seven time champion of the world
's delight in the hamilton side of the
garage look at this little battle chaplain
locks up on sergio perez he was trying a
move to get second place in this race perez
comes back at him sebastian vettel comes
back at charles leclerc sergio perez for
the third time
and his formula one career can see the
chequered flag and takes second place in a
race sergio perez on the podium sebastian
vettel is back on the podium and charles
leclerc who had the podium in his sights
has to settle for fourth
jesus
that's for all the kids out there
who dream the impossible
you can do it too man
i believe in you guys thank you so much
everyone for your support
just take a moment
to think about what this man has achieved
in this sport he is
the greatest of all time
statistically he can share that with
michael schumacher in terms of
championships but he's made his mark on
this sport in such an impressive way